Grade
=====

* Documentation and comments: 1/1
* Basic Bug2: 1/2
* Advanced Bug2:
      - Checks on which side of the wall the obstacle is before leaving: 1/1
      - Does not leave if left before from a closer point: 0/1
      - Reports unreachable goals: 0.5/1

_Total:_ 3.5 points

Feedback
========

When a goal is outside of one of the simple objects, but one of them 
is in the way between start and goal, your behaviour is correct.

When a goal is inside of one of the simple objects, your robot does not leave the 
wall when it crosses the line, because the goal is on the other side of the wall.
This is the expected behaviour. The robot does not stop moving though. Although 
this is probably caused by the wallfollower implementation, you should have 
implemented a workaround (manually setting the robot speed to 0). Also, there are 
a number of situations where there is wild switching between motion controller 
and wallfollower. This points to your breaking condition not being 
completely stable for certain situations.

For the complex object, in situations other than the one just described, your behaviour 
is not testable, but this was described by you in the comments. Your testing therefore 
seems have been thorough enough.

Your unreachable goal condition seems to be incomplete, because you are only testing 
whether you already were at the point you started wallfollowing. For complex objects, 
this will not work as you are supposed to try to continue wallfollowing and still reach 
the goal. 
